Sharing on the development for this project:

a. What I have done?

1. Created a custom hook, useGetDriver that leverages useQuery from the React Query library to handle data fetching
 - in the queryFn, uses axios to make an HTTP GET request. This function handles the API call and response
 - UI updates, implemented conditional rendering to handle cases where data is still loading, ensuring a smooth user experience.

2. Utilizing Slider from Material UI, an open-source React component library
 - considering better user experience, customized slider where provides clear feedback to users.

3. Adding react-leaflet library, to display map.
 - they provide a clear documentation to implement the map feature, even though some of the information is missing,
   but the missing info can be find on another resources.

b. Why I have done it that way?

1. Project maintainability, imagine this project features being expand. Not seperating the modules and components might 
   become trouble to maintain in future.
2. User experience, utilizing Material UI, benefiting us, in term of clean design and its usability.
3. Clear implementation guidance, a clear documentation is a gift to a developer. Coming from background where I spend 
   60% daily task in backend tickets, this is my first time implementing a map feature in web. Therefore, I need to look for a
   library with a good documentation. 

c. Considerations I have had on the UI Slider?

1. User experience, ensure that the slider provides clear feedback to users by displaying the current value dynamically as they slide.
2. Styling, customized appearance, looking more versatile.

d. What were the problems you faced and how did you overcome them?

Problem:
1.  I have problem when integrating react-leaflet, which is the map feature, on my end, the map is not showing properly.
    Even though, I have follow the documentation.

Solution
1.  I go search resources from Youtube, finding if there is any react-leaflet tutorial. Luckily, there a lot of resource.
    There is missing steps in the react-leaflet documentation, where we need to import leaflet css.

e. How can the application be improved?

1. Enhanced feature, right now, the location (latitude, longitude) is static, can be improve by adding TextField
2. Testing, adding unitTest on the feature develop.